Big TODO: Rewrite the slave to be based around a mainloop.  So that
we don't have to do things directly from signal handlers.  Some work has already
been started by making the slave use select calls instead of waitpid.  This needs
to be extended a bit.  The big issue is things that hang.  We need two things,
some better general framework for things that hang and handling signals there 
(see daemon/misc.c for solution when using gethostbyaddr in the main daemon).
We also need some way to do something like "sleep(5)" with the mainloop nicely.
We want the slave to still be very synchroneous, but just have some small handlers
run from within the mainloop.  The one thing that will always cause trouble here
is the XDMCP server pinging, I think in this case it would be sane to do the setjmp
thing and just ignore the ping if a signal comes, not sure how this will play with
the X stuff and if this would completely whack us out.  The other option is to have
a separate "pinger process" but that seems to heavyweight.  Another option here
is to give up on complete mainloopishness and during pinging set up an alarm or
some other polling thing that checks all the mainloops stuff.

All the GUIs running as the gdm user should have some resource limits set to
make it hard to do DoS attacks by somehow exploiting a leak or some such.

Small TODO things:
  - If we can't setup pam display user visible errors and not just syslog stuff

Languages should be read from available locales.  Look at source  for
locale_config.  Currently the way we do things is utter shit.

Perhaps stuff:
 - Keyboard layout menu.
 - native utmp/wtmp handling without sessreg
 - xsri like logo functionality

the photosetup proggie should be put into some sort of crapplet and there
should be other settings in the crapplet as well.

handle all the XFree86 Xserver error thingies, such as
No "Display" subsection for
etc...

Add spacer files.  Files which we can use in case there is disk shortage to
write a new xauthority stuff so that someone can actually log on and clean up.
Is this crack?  Maybe.
