
This file is just a place to note ideas about GDM that are maybe
experimental or not significant enough to report a bug.  Refore
to http://bugzilla.gnome.org in the "gdm" category for the real 
TODO list for GDM.

 + On Solaris GDM uses /etc/logindevperm (see README.install)
   and it might be useful to simply make GDM's PreSession and
   PostSession scripts process /etc/logindevperm directly and
   not call the library interface on Solaris.  

 + Big TODO: Rewrite the slave to be based around a mainloop.
   So that we don't have to do things directly from signal handlers.
   Some work has already been started by making the slave use select
   calls instead of waitpid.  This needs to be extended a bit.  The
   big issue is things that hang.  We need two things, some better
   general framework for things that hang and handling signals there 
   (see daemon/misc.c for solution when using gethostbyaddr in the
   main daemon).  We also need some way to do something like
   "sleep(5)" with the mainloop nicely.  We want the slave to still
   be very synchronous, but just have some small handlers run from
   within the mainloop.  The one thing that will always cause
   trouble here is the XDMCP server pinging, I think in this case
   it would be sane to do the setjmp thing and just ignore the ping
   if a signal comes, not sure how this will play with the X stuff
   and if this would completely whack us out.  The other option is
   to have a separate "pinger process" but that seems to
   heavyweight.  Another option here is to give up on complete
   mainloopishness and during pinging set up an alarm or some other
   polling thing that checks all the mainloops stuff.
  
 + Resource limits have been implemented into the GDM slaves, but
   perhaps more could be done.  Always keep eye out for leaks.

Small TODO things:

 + If we can't setup PAM display user visible errors and not just
   syslog stuff

 + Languages should be read from available locales.   Right now the code
   stats each file in /usr/locale, which is slow.  Would be faster to
   do a readdir on the direction and process them without doing stats.

Perhaps stuff:

 + Keyboard layout menu.
 + native utmp/wtmp handling without sessreg
 + xsri like logo functionality
 + Handle all the XFree86 Xserver error thingies, such as No "Display"
   subsection for etc...
 + Add spacer files.  Files which we can use in case there is disk
   shortage to write a new xauthority stuff so that someone can
   actually log on and clean up.  Is this crack?  Maybe.

